bpo-38821: Fix crash in argparse when using gettext (#17192)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-11-16-23-26-25.bpo-38821.-albNN.rst

> Fix crash in argparse when using gettext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix unhandled exceptions in :mod:`argparse` when internationalizing some error messages.
```

> Fix unhandled exceptions in :mod:`argparse` when internationalizing some error messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix unhandled exceptions in :mod:`argparse` when internationalizing error messages for arguments with ``nargs`` set to special (non-integer) values.  Patch by Federico Bond.
```
